### Why

When you download an archive of your Facebook account, Facebook includes photos and videos you've uploaded, but not photos and videos you're tagged in that were uploaded by other people. This is a script to automatically download those.

### Setup

1. `pip3 install selenium`
1. Download the [ChromeDriver](http://chromedriver.chromium.org/) executable and put it somewhere in your PATH
1. Set `FB_USER_ID` and `CHROME_PROFILE_PATH` in `helpers.py`
1. Set `CONTAINER_SELECTOR` (see below)

### Authentication

The trick here is to avoid having to log in from the script by using the same Chrome profile every time the script runs. Run `python3 tagged_photos.py`, a Chrome window will open, and you will be redirected to FB login. Once you log in, your login will persist, so you can close the window and run the script again, and it should work.

### `CONTAINER_SELECTOR`

The photo downloader relies on a particular class that is likely to change over time because it's auto-generated by FB's frontend build process. It was `.atb` when I wrote this but it'll probably change all the time. You'll have to dig into the source of the photo page to figure out what the right class is.

### Running it

`python3 tagged_photos.py` or `python3 tagged_videos.py`

The photos can take a while if you have a lot because it is navigating through the site in real time and I didn't figure out how to parallelize it because this is Python (would have been easy in JS). For about 900 photos it took almost an hour.